HSH(1)                       General Commands Manual                      HSH(1)

NAME
       hsh - holberton simple shell

SYNOPSIS
       hsh [command]

DESCRIPTION
       hsh is a simple shell program that allows users to execute commands
       located in the PATH environment variable and some built-in commands.

ENVIRONMENT
       PATH   A colon-separated list of directories in which the shell
              searches for executable files. If a command is not found in the
              current directory, the shell looks for it in each directory
              listed in PATH, in the order they are listed.

OPTIONS
       command
              The command to be executed by the shell. If no command is
              provided, the shell starts in interactive mode.

INTERACTIVE MODE
       When started without a command, hsh enters interactive mode. In this
       mode, the shell displays a prompt and waits for the user to enter a
       command. After executing the command, the shell displays the result
       and waits for the next command.

       To exit the shell, the user can type 'exit' or press Ctrl + D.

BUILT-IN COMMANDS
       The following built-in commands are supported:

       env    Display the current environment variables.

       exit   Exit the shell.

EXECUTING PROGRAMS IN PATH
       If a command is not a built-in command, hsh searches for the command
       in the directories listed in the PATH environment variable or as a path
       to the executable. If the command is found, hsh executes it. Otherwise,
       it displays an error message indicating that the command was not found.

COMPILATION
       Your shell can be compiled using the following command:

       gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 *.c -o hsh
              This command compiles all C source files (`*.c`) in the current
              directory into an executable named `hsh`, applying strict
              compilation flags to ensure code quality and adherence to the
              GNU89 C standard.

EXAMPLES
       $ ls
       Display the contents of the current directory using the 'ls' command.

       $ echo "Hello, Holberton!"
       Display the string "Hello, Holberton!" using the 'echo' command.
       
AUTHOR
       Written by Bouillée Aurélien and Rueda Johan.

REPORTING BUGS
       Please report bugs to 8864@holbertonstudents.com.

COPYRIGHT
       This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
       There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

